Alright! In this video, we are going to
go through and implement the assignment,
and that is to add in a create action
for the Vendor object. You can see it
here on the screen, I have the unit test
already highlighted for the create category
controller test, and let's go ahead and
open up the vendor. And what I'm going to
do is I like to do a split screen
because we are doing some pretty similar
stuff here. So, I'm going to split this,
and I'm going to work out at the bottom
screen here, and effectively, we are going
to implement this createCategory. So,
let's come down here, and I'm going to do
a command N for new. Create a new test
method. Let's call that testCreateVendor.
And the first thing that we want to do
is the BDDMockito, and we are going to
set up a given for our vendorRepository,
and we're going to say any Publisher because
remember, we're going to use that
Publisher object. And again, that is all
the streams. So, we can see that's the
reactive streams. And right now, this is a
separate dependency in Java 8. When we
get to java 9, this interface is now
part of the Java 9 API,
and do a little import static method
there, and this one, we want the Mockito
matcher,
and we're going to say willReturn. We're going to
turn back a Flux and use the just
option. And this time, we're going to do a
Vendor. We're not going to be paying
attention to the results. I'm not going to
create the object, like I did above, or
add any properties there. You can
optionally, that's fine. Now, we want to do
the build method on this.
Sometimes, you get messed up with a
number of parens.
And now, we want to create the actual
object that we're going to be posting to
the API.
So, let's come in here and do a Mono.
Then, we'll do the Vendor.
So, you're going to do a Mono with a just
option.
And this time, we'll use vendor
builder. Let's go ahead and
add firstName.
So, that's going to set up my Mono for us.
Let's scroll that up a little bit.
So now, we've set up our test. Now, we want
to actually take that WebTestClient
and set up the post action.
And we want to go against
URI. So, here, we're just going to use  this URI
the API vendors, like we've been
doing consistently. So, I'm going to cut
and paste that in. And now, we're going to
set the body, and what we want to do is
set that body with the Publisher.
And remember, our Mono is an
implementation of Publisher. So, we're
going to take that Mono there.
Let's correct that. I'm going to come in
here. Refactor. Rename.
And the body inserted, that's going to
also want the class, like we did above. So,
we're going to do a Vendor here.
we'll say exchange, expect status is
created. So, we want that created status.
So, that sets up
my test now. This is going to fail. Let's go
ahead and run it and we'll get a failing
test.
So, you can see our tests did in fact
fail. So, we're going to have four or five.
Not a lot. But that's because we
haven't implemented the controller
action yet. So, let's go ahead and
implement that now. So, I'm going to come
over here and open up the VendorController. And up here in the top window,
remember, we have the implementation so we
want to set up this create action. So,
let's go ahead and step that through
that right now.
Remember, on the create, we're going to turn
back a Mono void. That means nothing's
coming back from it. I will set up the
method right now.
And remember it, we are going to be
taking an Publisher
of a Vendor.
I'm calling it vendorStream
because I want you to remember this is a
Publisher of a stream of objects. And now,
we're going to set up return vendor
Repository and saveAll from that
Publisher, so we're going to be taking
that.
And now, we're going to say
a vendorStream,
and this is where we're going to use the then.
So, when it completes, we're going to
return back a Mono Void. So, we can see it.
That's going to return back a Mono Void,
which is exactly what we want to do. So
now, let's go ahead and decorate this. So,
we want to do
PostMapping. And I
should still have that on clipboard yet.
So I still have the URL on the clipboard
so I was able to paste that. And now,
don't forget, this is important. I did got
caught by this in the one of the dump
videos before. I forgot to annotate this.
And then, finally, we need to set this
ResponseStatus to created. So, I'm just
going to cut and paste this over. So that
sets up our controller method. So we've
decorated it with the annotations for
the actions that we wanted supported by
Spring WebFlux, so it gets all the setups.
And now, let's go ahead and run our tests,
and we should get a passing test at this
point. We can see that we are now green.
So we file test-driven development here
by writing the test first, and then, doing
the implementation. So now, we have good
test coverage on our newly-created
method in our controller.
Just to recap there, let's go ahead and
take a look at the test. So, in our tests
on line 56 there, I'm setting up the
Mockito Mock for the vendorRepository
to take in on the save all from a
Publisher, so any Publisher class. We are
going to return back a Flux with just a
Vendor in it, and that's really
dissatisfied the inner workings of
everything. So, we do need to return back
something. Actually, we probably can get
away with not returning anything as long
as that Flux execute properly. But, we're
trying to mimic the actual functionality
there. And then, on line 59, I'm creating the
object that we're going to pass into the
controller method. And then, on line 62,
this is where we actually run the test.
So, we perform a post against the api/v1/vendors URL and we take the body and we
set the body to the Mono, that we created
up on line 59, specifying that it is a
Vendor. We tell the WebTestClient to
perform the exchange, and then, we are
asserting that we're expecting a Status
of 201 to come back from it. And then, the
VendorController, we added a new method
on line 36 there returns back a Mono
void, and the create method, we're going to
take in a RequestBody from a Publisher
vendorStream. So, we're expecting a
Publisher that's going to have vendors
in it, and then, we are going to persist
that using the the Mono DB saveAll and
pass in the stream of that. And when that
stream completes, we are going to return
back a Mono Void, completing the loop. And
then, the other important thing, we are
using the @PostMapping annotation,
which is only going to map that URL to
post, and then, we are explicitly saying
to use on line 34 to return back an HTTP
status created which is a 201 status
code that we want to use for our RESTful
API.